War
If you want to fight, be like a god
Be like a god
The enemy will cry in pity
Yes, that's the spirit, that's the spirit of the heart
If you don't have a sword, you're a god
If you don't have a sword
You're just a river, a stone
Yes, that's the spirit, that's the spirit of the heart
If you're weak, you save yourself. If you're strong, you defeat the enemy
If you're weak, you defeat the enemy
This is the life's flower of the insect
That's right, that's right, that breath
That's the breath of the heart
The wind that blows the three-leaf clover
The sound of the tree that still holds it
That's right, that's right, that breath
That's the breath of the heart
Translated by Releska